{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14520\viewh18640\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Portfolio\
\
MINIMALISME !!!\
\
Ideas\
- Add interactive code snippets.\
- 3D elements\
- Animated elements\
- CV et downloadable cv \
- Contact form with captcha \
- Faire un gr\'e9sillement avec JS\
\
\
\
\'c0 faire :\
 \
	INTRO : \
- Faire une photo pro\
- Animer la photo et le texte\
- Animer l\'92icon\
\
	HOME :\
- Changer image avec un png\
- Ajouter image rouge.\
- Faire une animation pour les boutons.\
- Faire une animation pour le logo. \
\
CONTACT : \
- Ajouter un button pour ramener en haut de la page\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
TEXTE :\
\
About\
Based in Quebec City, Canada, I design and create websites using the most reliable technologies. Frontend development requires technical skills, design knowledge, and problem-solving abilities. Self taught artist for years, I\'92ve been crafting seamless and visually appealing websites that prioritize user experience. My expertise lies in translating design concepts into responsive and interactive interfaces. I thrive on creating solutions that meet and exceed user expectations. Let's connect ! \
\
\
PROJECTS :\
En.semble\
This project was built from a prototypal client : a private school centered around nature and the environment. I received a Figma mockup with specific templates to follow. The whole site is responsive and mixes animated CSS elements with JavaScript to give the user a smooth and relient experience. \
\
Recipez\
Recipez is a complete re-imagination of the final project from Jonas Schmedtmann\'92s Javascript course. After completing the entire 68 hours of lessons, I remade the final project from scratch and conceptualized new ideas and functionalities.\
\
\
JS-Projects\
This website contains a collection of personal JavaScript project. During my learning process I decided to store my projects. Not only the site gives an overview of the progress I made through the months, but this it also serves as a bank from which everyone and myself can use. \
\
\
EXPERTISE :\
Specialized in frontend development, UI and UX, conceptualizing and developing responsive designs, web optimization and performance, Frameworks (React.js).\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}